Now let's add the success cases for the authentication request.
The first success case requirement is let's redirect from login page to home page after the authentication
is successful.
We will add a test for this one, but since the test contains multiple pages assertion, let's go with
the app component.
So opening the app component aspects.
Now so far we have this routing described look.
But now I'm going to add a new one and it's going to be right here.
After the routing, let's add another one.
And this is for the login cases, logging success cases.
Now in this test it navigates.
To home after successful login and now we are going to fill the form.
So we will have multiple tests in this describe.
So let's have a common setup function just like we have here in the login.
We were calling the setup form to fill the form.
So I'm just copying this part and also taking the variables because in the setup we have those variables.
So just pasting here.
So this is the setup form function, it is filling the form with this credentials like the user one
mail count password and it's querying the the elements.
Now we are going to use this one, but first make sure this is async and this is having the routing
library.
So we are going to start, start navigation from the login page.
And so far in the previous test in the routing ones, we were calling this router with the pad.
So just copying this line and pasting to this test and the path initially will be logging, then we
are calling setup form.
So this is filling the input in that page.
But before this one we must be calling fixture detect changes.
We missed that part like we were doing in the previous test as well.
So after navigation completes, let's make sure the UI is updated.
So we do that here.
Then we are calling the setup form, filling the form.
Then we are going to click to the button.
So this is going to be making the HTTP request.
Then we have a reference for the HTTP testing controller.
Let's, let's have a request here to be testing controller and let's capture all the requests and let's
return success.
And the success response is basically just empty object at the moment.
Then we are going to call the fixture detect changes.
To update the UI.
Now we are going to check the visibility of the home page and we are using the the test ID.
Let's find one of those here like this one, just copying this and pasting here.
So we are going to check for.
Home page to be visible.
This is the test idea for home page.
Home component.
Here we have this home page.
So we are.
Checking that one to be visible.
Saving this.
The test is failing because we don't have the implementation at the moment.
Here in the logging component, it's open.
The logging component is logging components.
We will be having the programmatic navigation and previously we used that in user list.
We have this navigate function.
We were calling this navigate from the list items and we were doing the navigation like this and we
will do the same thing basically.
So we need this router in the logging component.
Let's have the router.
And then right here, this is the login event and so far we didn't deal with the success case, but
now we will.
So after we receive success response to this authenticate request, we will call this router navigate
and we will navigate to.
Root.
Root URL.
Homepage.
So let's save this one.
Now we have a couple of failures and if we check the spec list.
Like the look and taste is failing.
We will get to it.
But now the logging component is are broken.
And that's because we are having a new dependency right here.
We are using router, but in logging components back to us, we didn't import the router module, so
let's import.
Router testing module.
And let's save this one.
Now the components are passing, but our test for the navigation is still failing.
Let's test it on browser.
So here in the browser, let's fill the form with a valid user.
But first, I would like to highlight this part.
Here in the homepage, we are listing the user's user one user to user two.
Let's log in with the user one.
So filling the form with user one at mail com.
And the password for these users are like this.
I'm typing right here to make it visible.
Pass word.
So filling the form with this password.
Let's make sure there is no space after the column and filling the form.
Now clicking the login and here we see that the page is navigated to home and basically navigation is
successful.
And if we check the network logs here, here we have this authentication request going and receiving
200.
Okay?
And the payload is like this user one and password.
And as a response we are receiving success and users information like the user's ID and username later
we will use those information.
So we have verified this is working on browser but it is failing in the test.
We are going to fix that part.
But I also would like to highlight this part.
Now in this list we are not seeing the user one because now the user is authenticated and when the authentication
is successful, back end is returning a cookie and then we use that cookie in the next requests and
back is aware who the user is and then we can exclude this user from this user list.
So the authentication is working.
Now let's fix this test.
We are seeing this problem again because of.
Because of the the nature of the async things going on here.
One of the workarounds we were applying was adding.
The promise resolve here.
Let's save it.
So this is fixing the test.
But again, this is not a reliable way to resolve this.
Instead of having this promise, we can wrap the test with fake.
Basing.
We have done that before.
So just rapping all test with fake async.
Then here, instead of having this promise resolve, let's have this tick.
So this will be running the all wasting promises and in the end the UI will be updated.
Saving this one.
And the tests are passing.